src/ActiveCommerce.Training.SimpleReviews/README.md, before:

Simple Review System
========
This example shows how to map and persist a custom type in the Active Commerce SQL database with NHibernate, and how to build a simple Sitecore SPEAK application to list and edit that data. This is useful for user generated content, transactional data, etc.

## How is the NHibernate mapping and data access done?
1. `ProductReview`, our custom type which we want to persist. The only thing special here is that all the properties of this class need to be declared `virtual`.
2. `ProductReviewMap` utilizes Fluent NHibernate to map the properties to SQL. This example shows some basic mapping directives. For more information, check out the [Fluent NHibernate documentation](https://github.com/jagregory/fluent-nhibernate/wiki/Getting-started).
3. `App_Config\Include\xActiveCommerce.zTraining.NHibernate.config` is a configuration patch that includes the addition of this assembly to the Active Commerce NHibernate configuration. Any Fluent NHibernate mappings in this assembly will be picked up.
4. `IProductReviewRepository` defines our repository interface. This is useful for mocking in your unit tests, and also makes resolving our repository through Unity cleaner. (More on that in a moment...)
5. `ProductReviewRepository` is our repository implementation that demonstrates basic use of NHibernate to do CRUD operations.
	* We use constructor injection from Unity to inject an `ISessionBuilder`. This is the Active Commerce service which manages your NHibernate sessions.
	* Note that we only construct a single NHibernate session for the repository.
	* NHibernate tracks any changes for us, so that we can have "persistence ignorance." After querying objects for example, you can simply make changes, then call `Flush()`.
	* Any new objects do need to be added to the NHibernate session. This is the purpose of the `Add()` method.
6. `RegisterTypes` is a standard `ITypeRegistration` implementation used to add our repository to the Unity container.
7. `ProductReviewController` can be used to test out some of the repository operations.
8. `RegisterRoutesProcessor` adds our test controller to the MVC route table. It is also patched in within this project's configuration patch.

## How do I build a SPEAK application to manage the data?
This is covered at a high level in [a series of screencasts](http://www.techphoria414.com/Blog/2015/February/Active_Commerce_32_NHibernate_SPEAK).

Commit message:

Added 'Sort by Rating' custom product sort example to SimpleReviews project. Also, upgraded Web.config to SC8.0.

src/ActiveCommerce.Training.SimpleReviews/README.md, after:

Simple Review System
========
This example shows how to map and persist a custom type in the Active Commerce SQL database with NHibernate, and how to build a simple Sitecore SPEAK application to list and edit that data. This is useful for user generated content, transactional data, etc. 

This example also shows how to create a custom product sort option (Sort by Ratings).

## How is the NHibernate mapping and data access done?
1. `ProductReview`, our custom type which we want to persist. The only thing special here is that all the properties of this class need to be declared `virtual`.
2. `ProductReviewMap` utilizes Fluent NHibernate to map the properties to SQL. This example shows some basic mapping directives. For more information, check out the [Fluent NHibernate documentation](https://github.com/jagregory/fluent-nhibernate/wiki/Getting-started).
3. `App_Config\Include\xActiveCommerce.zTraining.SimpleReviews.config` is a configuration patch that includes the addition of this assembly to the Active Commerce NHibernate configuration. Any Fluent NHibernate mappings in this assembly will be picked up.
4. `IProductReviewRepository` defines our repository interface. This is useful for mocking in your unit tests, and also makes resolving our repository through Unity cleaner. (More on that in a moment...)
5. `ProductReviewRepository` is our repository implementation that demonstrates basic use of NHibernate to do CRUD operations.
	* We use constructor injection from Unity to inject an `ISessionBuilder`. This is the Active Commerce service which manages your NHibernate sessions.
	* Note that we only construct a single NHibernate session for the repository.
	* NHibernate tracks any changes for us, so that we can have "persistence ignorance." After querying objects for example, you can simply make changes, then call `Flush()`.
	* Any new objects do need to be added to the NHibernate session. This is the purpose of the `Add()` method.
6. `RegisterTypes` is a standard `ITypeRegistration` implementation used to add our repository to the Unity container.
7. `ProductReviewController` can be used to test out some of the repository operations.
8. `RegisterRoutesProcessor` adds our test controller to the MVC route table. It is also patched in within this project's configuration patch.

## How do I build a SPEAK application to manage the data?
This is covered at a high level in [a series of screencasts](http://www.techphoria414.com/Blog/2015/February/Active_Commerce_32_NHibernate_SPEAK).

## How is the custom product Rating Sort done?
This is covered in more detail in the _Active Commerce Developer's Cookbook_ (see _Adding Product Sorting Options_ section).

1. A new `Rating Sort` template, which inherits the base `Product Sort Base` template.
2. A `Sort by Rating` item (which uses our new template) is added to the `Product Sorting Options`, which makes it available for selection on product categories.
3. `ProductExtensions` and `ProductHelper` add a quick way to get the average rating for a product, using the `IProductReviewRepository`.
4. `RatingSort` inherits `IProductSort` and implements required members. 
    * This maps our Sitecore item using Glass, linked by our template's ID.
    * In the `PopulateSearchOptions` method, we set the `SortFunc` to a delegate which grabs the average product rating (using the extension), and set `ReverseSort` to `true` (since we want the highest-ratings first).
5. `App_Config\Include\xActiveCommerce.zTraining.SimpleReviews.config` is a configuration patch that includes the addition of this assembly to the Active Commerce glassConfiguration pipeline. Any Glass mappings in this assembly will be picked up.
