src/ActiveCommerce.Training.OrderExtension/README.md, before:

﻿Extending Order Data
========
This example shows how to extend the order data stored by Active Commerce. It involves both
extending the `Order` domain object, and the Sitecore template which defines order data.

# Steps to Extend Order Data
1. Create a new Sitecore template which inherits from *ActiveCommerce/Order/Order*.
2. Add your new field(s) to the template.
3. In a configuration patch, override the `Ecommerce.Order.OrderItemTempalteId` (sic) setting. Note that the mispelling, inherited
from Sitecore Ecommerce Services, is intentional. See [*xActiveCommerce.zTraining.OrderExtension.config*](./App_Config/Include/xActiveCommerce.zTraining.OrderExtension.config).
4. Create a new `Order` class which subclasses `ActiveCommerce.Orders.Order`.
5. Add a property to this class for your new field. See [`ActiveCommerce.Training.OrderExtension.Order`](./Order.cs).
6. Create a new `OrderMappingRule` which subclasses `ActiveCommerce.Data.OrderMappingRule`. This class is responsible for mapping complex order data
into a flattened structure to be stored on a Sitecore Item.
7. Create a new property on this class which maps values from the internal mapping object (the order) to the Sitecore Item using Glass Mapper.
See [`ActiveCommerce.Training.OrderExtension.OrderMappingRule`](./OrderMappingRule.cs).
8. Register your `Order` and `OrderMappingRule` in Unity by creating an implementation of `ITypeRegistration`.
See [`ActiveCommerce.Training.OrderExtension.RegisterTypes`](./RegisterTypes.cs).
9. In your configuration patch, register your assembly with Glass Mapper. See [*xActiveCommerce.zTraining.OrderExtension.config*](./App_Config/Include/xActiveCommerce.zTraining.OrderExtension.config).
10. Populate your new property on the order and save it at the appropriate time. See the [Order Update Example](../ActiveCommerce.Training.OrderUpdate),
the [Gift Message Example](../ActiveCommerce.GiftMessage), or the [Invoice Payment Example](../ActiveCommerce.Training.Payment).

Commit message:

Updated gift message example for AC 3.2

src/ActiveCommerce.Training.OrderExtension/README.md, after:

﻿Extending Order Data
========
This example shows how to extend the order data stored by Active Commerce.

# Steps to Extend Order Data
1. Create your own `Order` class which inherits `ActiveCommerce.Orders.Order`.
2. Add new properties to your class as needed -- be sure to declare them as `virtual`.
3. Create an `OrderMap` class which inherits `FluentNHibernate.Mapping.SubclassMap` with your `Order` class as the generic argument.
4. In the constructor for your `OrderMap`, use Fluent NHibernate mapping syntax to map your new properties.
5. Create a configuration patch which registers your assembly in the `acConfigurationBuilder` pipeline, so that your NHibernate mappings are loaded on startup.
6. Ensure your database schema has the needed table and fields. In a development environment, you can use `/sitecore/admin/DatabaseUtility.aspx` to update or drop/create the schema. For production, either generate the needed update script or use a SQL comparison tool.
7. Create an `OrderFactory` class which inherits `ActiveCommerce.Orders.OrderFactory`. This class is used by Active Commerce to construct new orders.
8. Override the `CreateOrder` method and return your new order type.
9. In a new or existing `ITypeRegistration` class, register your `OrderFactory` with the container as the implementation of the `IOrderFactory` service.
